so in Jeremy Hunt we have a man here who
is very wealthy has been part of a
government which has presided over the
largest and fastest ever increasing
inequality in the history of the country
he himself has no doubt benefited
massively the Prime Minister has
benefited massively and
when he's confronted with the question
of why is the economy been bad he says
well we just keep getting blacks on
events we keep getting unlucky things
happening and there's no recognition
there's no acknowledgment of this
structural problem which is that
inequality keeps getting worse and worse
and
the problem is they can keep making this
argument again and again right the
economy will get worse and worse it will
get worse in predictable ways because
the Richer got richer they'll use that
money to buy the Assets in the middle
class the middle class will get poorer
that means less spending power in the
economy that means lower wages that
means poorer living standards for
ordinary people all of these things are
super predictable
but they can always be blamed on the
events that happen at any given time